= LinkBlock

LinkBlock lets you create a bunch of links that share options.

== Examples

  <%- link_block :controller => 'main' do |lb| -%>
    <%= lb.link_to 'Home', :action => 'index' %>
    <%= lb.link_to 'Products', :action => 'products' %>
    <%= lb.link_to 'Locations', :action => 'locations' %>
    <%= lb.link_to 'Contact', :action => 'contact' %>
  <%- end -%>

is the same as doing:

  <%= link_to 'Home', :controller => 'main', :action => 'index' %>
  <%= link_to 'Products', :controller => 'main', :action => 'products' %>
  <%= link_to 'Locations', :controller => 'main', :action => 'locations' %>
  <%= link_to 'Contact', :controller => 'main', :action => 'contact' %>

It also supports merging html options:

  <%- link_block {:controller => 'main'}, {:class => 'side_bar_link'} do |lb| -%>
    <%= lb.link_to 'Home', :action => 'index' %>
  <%- end -%>

And appending to string routes (if you INSIST on using string routes) instead of hashes:

  <%- link_block '/main/' do |lb| -%>
    <%= lb.link_to 'Index Page', 'index' %>
  <%- end -%>

The current link gets a link_block_current appended to the class list.  This can be changed through
the LinkBlock::Config object:

  LinkBlock::Config.current_link_class = "different_name"

or turned off via:

  LinkBlock::Config.current_link_enabled = false

== Todo

Now relies on PlugTest for testing.  http://github.com/ryana/plug_test

== Thanks

* Dan Pickett (http://dpickett.github.com) for providing the Gem template and moral support.
 
== Shameless Plug

Recommend me on Working With Rails (http://workingwithrails.com/recommendation/new/person/14860-ryan-angilly) or give
me a shout out on Twitter (http://twitter.com/angilly) @angilly if you think this is awesome.

== MIT License

=== Copyright (c) 2008 Ryan Angilly

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of 
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in 
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to 
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies
of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do 
so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all 
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR 
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, 
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE 
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER 
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, 
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE 
SOFTWARE.

